F26_Q2_Brand_Standards_v2
Everything you ever wanted to know about Chili's standards, but were too afraid to ask.

OUR PURPOSE
To Make Everyone Feel Special through a Fun Atmosphere, Delicious Food & Drinks with ChiliHead Hospitality.

Brinker International Payroll Company, 06/2025

BRAND STANDARDS
OVERVIEW

WHY ARE THE BRAND STANDARDS IMPORTANT?
When we execute the Brand Standards, we create a meaningful experience for our Guests and Team Members by delivering genuine ChiliHead Hospitality.
To our Guests, this experience looks like:
An excited ChiliHead welcomes them to the party.

Their Server is excited to serve them, makes them feel special and taken care of, like they're a regular.

There is consistently delicious food and margaritas around the table.

When they leave, they're already looking forward to their next visit.

Each member of your team plays an important role delivering on the Brand Standards and ChiliHead Hospitality Behaviors.

MANAGER: Host and coach the party.
Proactively engage with all Guests and TMs.

Praise and coach ChiliHead Hospitality Behaviors.

HOST: Welcomes all Guests to the party.

Greet every Guest with a smile and “Hi! Welcome to Chili’s!”

Open the door for arriving and departing Guests.

TO-GO: Make every Guest feel like they’re a regular.

Greet every Guest with a smile and “Hi! Welcome to Chili’s!”

Work the bag chit to ensure order accuracy and no missing items.
RUNNER: Elevate the Guest experience.

Ask, “What more can I get you?”

Run drinks/apps quickly and consistently pre-bus.

BUSSER: Take pride in a clean restaurant.

Bus tables with the bus tub, wipe down tables and spot sweep.

Use headset to communicate with Host about table status.
BARTENDER: Makes every Guest feel like they’re a regular.

Greet Guests within 60 seconds and recommend a Marg and app.

Make and deliver drinks in under 3 minutes.

SERVER: Makes every Guest feel like they’re a regular.

Greet Guests within 60 seconds and recommend a Marg and app.

Elevate the Guest experience with regular check-ins, silent refills and pre-bussing.
QA: Ensure the safety and quality of our Delicious Food.

Proactively communicate order status to HOH and Managers.

Validate all orders are made to spec and use
names to ensure food is delivered hot and fast.
HOH: Take pride in creating consistently Delicious Food.

Ensure all orders are made to spec and every plate and To-Go box is 100% complete.

Ensure all food safety and Chili's Clean measures are followed.
all

5/10 Rule: 5 ft = smile, make eye contact and say something genuine and nice. 10 ft = smile and make eye contact.

Proper dress guidelines, including headsets.

Have fun! Make connections! Live our Purpose.

Brinker International Payroll Company, 06/2025
Pg 2 of 24

BRAND STANDARDS
TABLE OF CONTENTS

SAFETY & SECURITY
SAFETY CRISIS
REPORTING         4
Self Service Portal (SSP)   4
Reporting Illness Guidelines  4
FOOD SAFETY        4
Criticals           4
Practices           4
SECURITY
PROCEDURES        5
Safe Exiting/Entering    5
Back Door          5
Exterior Lights        5
TM Parking         5
POLICY GUIDELINES    5
TECHNOLOGY       6
FRONT OF HOUSE
EXTERIOR          7
Parking Lot & Landscaping  7
CHILI'S CLEAN       7
Managers          7
Team Members       7
HOST STAND        8
Host Behaviors        8
Host Set Up         8
DINING ROOM        9
Overall Area         9
Blinds            9
Tables, Booths, & Chairs   9
Server Station Setup     10
Table Setup         10
Service Model        11
Table Greeting        11
Bussing Tables       11
Tabletop Device Cleaning   12
Silverware Bagging     12
Refill Procedure       12
Birthday Procedures     12
Cash Handling        12
TEAM MEMBERS       12
Personal Items        12
TM Dress Guidelines     13
TM Food and Drinks     13
Shift Meals          13
BAR              13
Bar Setup          13
Bar Greet           14
Alcohol Specs        14
Liquor Bottle Setup     14
Margarita Taps       14
Empty Beer Kegs       14
Last Call           14
Serving Responsibly     14
TVS              15
TVs and Programming    15
TO-GO            16
To-Go Area          16
To-Go Systems        16
RESTROOM         17
Atmosphere         17
Restroom Checks      17
HEART OF HOUSE
PASSOUT / QA       18
Tip Policy          18
Bumping Orders       18
Split Items          18
Passout Setup        18
DISH AREA          19
Ecolab Owns         19
Restaurant Owns      19
Organization        19
Chemicals          19
Garbage Cans        19
Skillets and Trivets     19
Dish / Machine Maintenance  20
OFFICE            20
Office Door         20
Inside Office         21
MOP SINK / CHEMICALS   21
Mop Sink & Chemical Tower  21
PREP AREA          22
Overall Area         22
Prep Cards          22
Signage           22
Combi Oven         22
Retherm           22
WALK-IN / FREEZER    23
Dry Storage         23
Walk-In & Freezer, Beer
Cooler / Cage        23
COOK LINE         23
Line Setup          23
KDS             23
Equipment          23
Chemicals & Supplies    23
Cleaning           23
BACK DOOR /
PEST CONTROL       24
Interior            24
Exterior           24
BACK DOCK         24
Overall Area         24
Shed             24
Attic             24
Mechanical Room      24
Brinker International Payroll Company, 06/2025                 Pg 3 of 24

SAFETY CRISIS REPORTING

SELF SERVICE PORTAL (SSP)

All crisis incidents MUST be reported in the Self Service Portal (SSP).

Crisis incidents include the following:
Police/Security Incidents

Team Member/Guest Accidents

Restaurant Closures

Boil Water Notices

Social Media Concerns/Media Inquiries

Multiple Guests Reporting Illness After Dining/Foreign Objects in Food

Team Member Reporting Illness/Health Department Investigation

REPORTING ILLNESS GUIDELINES

When to use the Crisis Portal to report ill TM/Guest(s):
Team Member(s):
Three or more TMs call out for vomiting or diarrhea within seven days.

Any TM seeks medical care and is diagnosed with a foodborne illness.

Anytime a Health Department informs you they are investigating an illness.

Guest(s):
Multiple Guests reporting food related illness or symptoms.

STEP 1: OPEN A TICKET
Immediately report incident.

STEP 2: INFORM
GM/Manager MUST immediately inform DO.

FOOD SAFETY

CRITICALS

Digital Quality Line Check completed shiftly.

Digital Critical Checklist completed shiftly.
Testing strips are taped to Daily Pull Thaw sheet.

Cooling Log is reviewed and verified each week.

PRACTICES

Follow posted Hand Washing Procedure as mandated.

Gloves must always be worn when handling Ready To Eat Food.
When handling burgers (on the Cook Line), use Burger mitts 100% of the time.

Hat/hairnet worn 100% of the time by all HOH TMs, including Manager(s) and QA.

Beard net MUST be worn 100% of the time (if applicable) including Manager(s).

Hat/hairnet/beard guards MUST be stocked and hung outside the office door.

Shoulder length or longer hair: pulled back in ponytail or bun, hair away from face, with no loose strands. HOH TMs and QA MUST also wear hat and/or hairnet.

Fingernails: clean and neatly trimmed.

Prep items ONLY in proper designated areas.

Any TM exhibiting signs of foodborne illness may NOT work.
Common symptoms include: Vomiting, diarrhea, juandice and sore throat with fever.

TMs MUST properly cover infected/exposed wounds, lesions, cuts or boils with double barrier protection to be cleared to work.
Double barrier example: band-aid covered by clothing/gloves.

Manager ServSafe certified.

TMs certified based on state regulations.

Immediately enter any pest sighting in SSP every day seen.

BRAND STANDARDS

‌Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025                Pg 4 of 24

SECURITY PROCEDURES

SAFE EXITING/ ENTERING

Opening: Manager is required to drive around the building to observe anything unusual and cannot enter the restaurant until a second TM arrives. Manager will enter the restaurant to disable the alarm system while the second TM waits inside their locked vehicle. Manager (from inside the restaurant) then watches TM enter the restaurant.

Closing: Manager is required to observe the last TM walk to their vehicle while inside the locked restaurant. Once this TM is safely inside their locked vehicle, the Manager is to immediately set the alarm and exit through the front or To-Go door to their vehicle while TM observes from their vehicle.

No Brinker TM can ever be in the restaurant alone, except when following Safe Exiting/Entering Procedure described above and second person MUST be a Brinker TM.

TMs MUST enter through the back door in the morning prior to restaurant opening, however, no TMs are allowed to exit the restaurant after their shift via the rear door. TMs must exit via the most visible door (front door or To-Go door).

No one can exit, enter or open the back door from one hour prior to close until open the following morning.

All doors are required to be locked at closing - no TMs or Guests are allowed back in the restaurant after closing.

The restaurant alarm system is required to be set each evening (unless a no close alarm is called in).

The sharing of alarm pass codes is prohibited.

BACK DOOR

Back door and security cage are NEVER propped open OR open at the same time (including deliveries) and must always be securely locked.

Back door is NOT allowed to be opened one hour prior to close for any reason.
Trash needs to be emptied prior to this time.
Any remaining trash bags are consolidated and staged (closed/tied up) by the back door until the next a.m. shift.

Detex system is engaged/armed during operating hours.
NOTE: Ensure "Stop" sign is posted.

EXTERIOR LIGHTS

Timers for exterior lights, including pole signs/neons, should be set for lights to remain on approximately one hour after last Manager and TM leave the restaurant.
Adjust accordingly for daylight savings time change.

TM PARKING

Prime spots are for Guests ONLY (front of building, To-Go parking, etc.)

TMs should leave in pairs; safety is top priority.

POLICY GUIDELINES

Chili's is committed to promoting an inclusive environment where everyone feels welcome, valued and respected. Chili's does not tolerate discrimination, harassment, or retaliation of any kind and strives to create a positive and diverse workplace where all TMs and Guests feel safe.

TMs must be mindful of cell phone usage during a shift/in Guest's view and must prioritize Guest engagement. If it is necessary, TMs can discreetly and quickly use

their cell phone in a designated area (out of Guests view).

BRAND STANDARDS

‌Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025                Pg 5 of 24

POLICY GUIDELINES Continued

It is crucial to ensure a safe and enjoyable work environment. All TMs must follow
Brinker Policies & Procedures Manualand abide by all federal, state and local laws.

TMs MUST clock in for all hours worked.

Social media standards:
Clearly state that any opinions you express are your own and do not reflect those of the Company.

DON’T disclose confidential business info about Chili's/Brinker, other TMs or our business partners.

DON’T post anything that’s discriminatory or would constitute a threat, intimidation, harassment or bullying.

If you see something communicated that could be potentially harmful to the company, report it immediately to your Manager, the Social Media team or the Public Relations team. Don’t respond to negative comments yourself.

DON’T post any Guest information or pictures without their consent, never

post any Guest information (ie. a receipt, tip amount or credit card details).

TECHNOLOGY

iPads:
All iPads in cases, working and in good condition

iPad bulk charger stored in office (or safe/enclosed space)

iPads must be plugged in when not in use and left on overnight to ensure required updates are installed

Tabletop Devices:
Clean and powered on during operating hours

Dining room: One device placed at the back of each table

Bar Top: One device placed at every third seat

To-Go: One device placed at To-Go counter in To-Go mode

Back-Up Devices: Two devices kept in office without batteries
Put batteries in once a week to receive any software updates

Kitchen Hardware
KDS: dust/grease-free; cords neatly wrapped, screens clean/plastic wrapped
Do NOT manually power down KDS overnight

Two sticky chit printers working and in good condition on the Cook Line

One KitchenSync printer working and in good condition in the Prep Area

Returned Merchandise Authorization (RMAs) Procedure
Enter RMA in SSP (one ticket per device) and mail out RMAs IMMEDIATELY.
Do NOT stockpile devices - send RMAs as they occur

Replacement device will be shipped once the return label is scanned at pick-up

Laptops
Stored in the office and plugged in to charge when not in use

In FOH, ALWAYS lock screen and close laptop when away from keyboard

Point of Sale (POS)
GMs must check POS units for unusual USB devices

Radios
24 working radios, earpieces and charging bays

BRAND STANDARDS

‌Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025                Pg 6 of 24

EXTERIOR

PARKING LOT & LANDSCAPING

Sidewalks and parking lot in good condition - no potholes, no visible debris or trip hazards

Parking lot lines are clearly visible

Parking lot signs in good condition

No trashcans present ONLY receptacle ash tray
NOTE: Follow city and county health protocols for distance from front door

Landscape in good appearance - NOT dead or overgrown, shrubbery at least 18 inches away from the building and six inches off the ground, rock or concrete barrier 12”-18” around building

Paint, awnings, doors and windows are in good condition and clean

Lighting is bright, no burned out bulbs - ONLY order bulbs through Chili's Lighting List
BWeb > Forms and Policies > Forms > Supply Chain Forms > Chili's Lighting List

Neon is bright with no burned out sections

Exterior speakers working and music level set between 65-70 (SPLNFFT Noise Meter App)

EXTERIOR ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
Validate landlord responsibility vs. restaurant's prior to any exterior repairs

If bench is not in good condition, DO/VPO discretion for removal

Sprinkler functioning correctly and NOT spraying building

No wood rot, no fogged windows

No micro-trash

Replace curb-stops/rebar

Ground lights: CAP when not working or broken, do not replace

Reference Chili's Postings Checklist for proper signage placement (To-Go doors, front doors, etc.)

CHILI'S CLEAN

MANAGER

FOH/HOH Clean: Daily Sidework & Weekly Sparkle
Daily Sidework
Responsible for validating with closing TM

Weekly Sparkle
Responsible for assigning shiftly to appropriate TMs and validating completion

FOH Clean - staged near Connection Board

FOH Clean: Host - staged near Host stand, out of Guest view

HOH Clean - staged near HOH Connection Board

HOH Clean: Janitorial - staged near Mop Sink

Deep Clean Checklist
Responsible for handing appropriate weekly list to TM and validating completion

Staged in office on key ring when not in use

TEAM MEMBERS

Responsible for utilizing job aids to complete Daily Sidework/Weekly Sparkle and Deep Clean Checklist

Closing TM responsible for validating TMs cut before them

BRAND STANDARDS

‌Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025                Pg 7 of 24

HOST STAND

HOST BEHAVIORS

Greet every Guest with six menus in hand as soon as they walk through our doors with a smile and "Hi! Welcome to Chili's!"

Open the door for arriving/departing Guests

Use Host iPad for tracking table status (open, seated, needs bussing) for every table, every time

Deliver kid silverware when seating Guests with kids

Always honor/accommodate Guest seating requests, including large parties

Use headset to:
Communicate with Bussers about table status

Communicate with Managers for guidance when seating large parties

Perform open menu counts as requested by Manager on duty

HOST SET UP

Host stand is organized, clutter-free and perpendicular to the front door (if applicable)
No business cards

No TM belongings

No brooms, dust pans, paper towels or spray bottles

Host iPad on strap and working
Use second ipad for volume shifts

Menus clean, organized and in Brand Standard menu holder

Every menu has a feature card
Kid menus are staged flat, NEVER folded and crayons are NEVER reused

Braille menus (and Spanish menus if applicable) are stored within Host Stand

Kid silverware stored at Host Stand

High chairs/booster seats are in good condition, MUST be cleaned after every use and stored in appropriate location (varies by restaurant)

Door mats present ONLY when it rains/snows and store when not in use

No trash cans present

HOST ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
Inviting, clean fresh smell, clutter-free

To be pest-free eliminate excess benches and minimize storage usage

No stationary hand sanitizer (unless health codes mandate otherwise) - scrub wall to remove residue if required

Greet every Guest with a smile and "Hi! Welcome to Chili's!" with six menus in hand; present and in front of Guests at all times, opening the door for arriving and departing Guests

Everyone owns greeting Guests when a Host is not present - coach TMs for best practices during shift change/no Host hour

BRAND STANDARDS

‌Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025                Pg 8 of 24

DINING ROOM

During the shift, Manager is ALWAYS proactively on the floor engaging with Guests and observing/ coaching ChiliHead Hospitality Behaviors.

OVERALL AREA

Inviting, clutter-free and organized

Dust-free, high-dusting from ceiling to the floor

Temperature set to 68˚ on heat or 72˚ on cool - set to Guest comfort

Music level between 65-70 (SPLNFFT Noise Meter App)

Lighting is bright, no burned out bulbs - ONLY order bulbs through Chili's Lighting List
BWeb > Forms and Policies > Forms > Supply Chain Forms > Chili's Lighting List

No brooms/dust pans visible - reference Brooms, Mops, Cans Placementfor staging locations
BWeb > OYR > Chili's Clean > Brooms, Mops, Cans Placement

Doors unlocked at 10:45 a.m.

DINING ROOM ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
Manager validates swept floors, clean booths, tables and chairs with flashlight at EOD – trust but verify

Pest-free: Immediately enter any pest sighting in SSP every day seen

Clean from ceiling to the floor: high-dust areas

Air balance can be a cause of dust: enter issues in Corrigo
Check air flow by pushing to exit through the To-Go door with hood fans on

Floors are clear of debris, build up etc.

Ensure floors/corners are being scrubbed with buffer and mopped by zone

All paint is in good condition, touch up as needed - reference Interior Paint Guidelines
BWeb > OYR > Chili’s Clean > Interior Paint Guidelines

All interior wood rot entered in Corrigo

Uniform lighting – all LED, all fluorescent, no burned bulbs and light shield clean

BLINDS

All blinds are functional and clean

Blinds are ALWAYS open
Individual blinds can be lowered upon Guest request due to sun, return to open once the sun goes down

TABLES, BOOTHS & CHAIRS

Tables, booths, and chairs are clean, in good condition with no rips, residue or rust

Chairs have working glides on all four legs

Chairs are NEVER placed on tables and cushions are returned in place after cleaning

TABLES, BOOTHS & CHAIRS ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
Sticky, worn out or warped tables need to be replaced

Ripped, broken, worn out cushions need to be replaced

No visible rust

BRAND STANDARDS

‌Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025                Pg 9 of 24

DINING ROOM Continued

SERVER STATION
SETUP (pictured)

Clean organized, clutter-free and cleaning products stored but NOT visible to Guests

Server Stations ONLY have the following items stored:
Sugar in:
Two full sugar caddies (or two 1/2 bowls)

Two salt and pepper grinders

Straws in 1/9 pan

Silverware

Napkins

NO condiments

Tea and water pitchers staged on drip trays
Clear pitcher: Water

Brown pitcher: Unsweet tea

Blue pitcher: Sweet tea (if applicable)

‌

SERVER STATION ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
Free of clutter, no personal belongings, TM drinks, To-Go boxes, etc.

Cleaning products are NOT to be left on Server ledges in Guests view

TABLE SETUP
(pictured)

Tabletop device: One device on every table, clean and powered on during operating hours. Placed at back of table, with the front side of the device visible to Guests

Ketchup: Clean bottle placed to the right of the tabletop device

One table tent per table, clean and in good condition and placed in middle of table

Reference Chili's Postings Checklist for photos
Sent monthly in ChiliHead Chat

BWeb > OYR > Chili's Postings Checklist

TABLE SETUP ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
With table set up, increased focus on walls surrounding tables - ensure they are clean and well maintained

BRAND STANDARDS

Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025               Pg 10 of 24

DINING ROOM Continued

SERVICE MODEL

Servers use Team Member Handhelds (TMH) 100% of the time

Immediately ring in and send each meal segment of an order on handheld

- drinks, "send"; apps, "send"; entrees, "send"; desserts, "send"
For large parties: send no more than 6 orders at a time to the HOH

All restaurants MUST have TMH iPads in cases
Place TMH iPads on chargers when not in use

A Runner and Busser are to be scheduled and present as business dictates

Bar Servers and second Bartenders are to be scheduled and present as business dictates

80/20 Rule:
Bartenders/Servers: 80% of time is spent in FOH, connecting with Guests, running food, pre-bussing and full hands in and out - 20% is focused on side work

Runners: 80% of time is spent running drinks and apps, pre-bussing and spot sweeping - 20% is focused on bussing, helping up front and completing side work

Busser: Use bus tub to clean table and keeps floors swept
Use headset to communicate with Hosts about table status

When delivering food, all TMs must ask "Is there anything else I can get for you?"

SERVICE MODEL ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
Use support staff (Hosts, Bussers, Runners and QA) to execute ChiliHead Hospitality Behaviors, deliver on our Purpose and Chili's Clean

TABLE GREETING

Greet seated Guests within 60 seconds with silverware and napkins (one per Guest)
For Bar/Lounge area: TM delivers menus prior to or at table greet

Table greet always includes a recommendation for a marg and app. It will sound something like:
"Hi! Welcome to Chili's! My name is Sarah. Can I get you all started with our Patron Frozen Marg and a Triple Dipper?"

"Hi! Welcome to Chili's! My name is George. Can I get you all started with the

world's most popular Margarita, The Presidente and some Chips and Guac?"

BUSSING TABLES

Dirty tables are flagged with a ketchup bottle standing upright, placed on the edge of the table

Use the bus tub when bussing tables - wipe crumbs in to the bus tub to avoid falling onto floor

Hold/move the tabletop device then spray the table with RAPID Multi Surface Cleaner 3 times. Then wipe the entire table and tabletop device with a paper towel. ALWAYS spray close to the table to prevent Guest coming in contact with the disinfectant mist. Reference Table to the Floorcleaning procedure
BWeb > OYR > Chili's Clean > Table to the Floor

Ensure booths, booth backs and chairs have been cleaned and reset with the proper table setup for the next Guest

Bus tub staging
One staged under bar three compartment sink

One staged on bottom level of silverware shelf in dish area

BRAND STANDARDS

‌Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025               Pg 11 of 24

DINING ROOM Continued

TABLETOP DEVICE CLEANING

Hold/move the tabletop device then spray the table with RAPID Multi Surface Cleaner 3 times. Wipe the entire table and tabletop device with a paper
towel. ALWAYS spray close to the table to prevent Guest coming in contact with the disinfectant mist. Reference Table to the Floorcleaning procedure
BWeb > OYR > Chili's Clean > Table to the Floor

NEVER spray device directly - ONLY spray brown paper towel

Detail clean at end of night with RAPID Multi Surface Disinfectant Cleaner

sprayed on a brown paper towel

BUSSING TABLES ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
Coach proper cleaning procedures - ALWAYS use bus tubs

NEVER stage bus tubs in dining room

SILVERWARE BAGGING

Bagging is done in the HOH - NEVER in Guest's view

Silverware bags: one fork, one knife, one straw (no straw for CA restaurants)

Kid silverware bags: one fork and one straw (no straw for CA restaurants)

ALWAYS wear gloves and follow the appropriate Silverware Baggingprocedure
BWeb > OYR > Culinary and Beverage > Job Aids > Silverware Bagging

REFILL PROCEDURE

Teas and waters: use pitchers to refill tea and water at the table

Coffee: bring a fresh cup to the table in a new mug

Kid bevs: refill in a clean, unused kid cup and deliver to the table
Single serve drinks must be rang in and charged, every time (no free refills)

All other NA bevs: refill in a clean, unused mug and deliver to the table

BIRTHDAY PROCEDURES

Birthday song sung upon request

The standard birthday song is: “Happy happy birthday, from the Chili’s crew. We wish it was our birthday so we could party too, HEY!”

The birthday song is NOT a loud announcement to the entire restaurant

Guests may receive a free birthday scoop, using the Birthday Comp code on the POS
Birthday scoop: served in a Pres glass with fudge and a cherry on top - reference Birthday Scoopprocedure
BWeb > OYR > Culinary and Beverage > Culinary Manual > Line Builds > Birthday Scoop

Guests with a My Chili's birthday coupon can redeem for any free dessert

CASH HANDLING

Servers are responsible for having their own cash bank

NEVER handle cash on the floor or in front of Guests

TMs are prohibited from accepting payment and/or tips via personal payment apps on their phone (Cash App, Zelle, Venmo etc.)

TEAM MEMBERS

PERSONAL ITEMS

TM personal items must be kept out of Guest view in designated location
NOTE: Recommend leaving personal items hidden in car or at home as Chili's is NOT responsible for lost or stolen items

BRAND STANDARDS

‌Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025               Pg 12 of 24

TEAM MEMBERS Continued

TM DRESS GUIDELINES

All TMs must follow current Dress Guidelines
BWeb > OYR > Dress Guidelines

All FOH TMs (including Manager(s) and QA) must wear headset/radio at all times

Shoulder length or longer hair: pulled back in ponytail or bun, hair away from face, with no loose strands - all HOH TMs in hats/hairnets (including Manager and QA), NO hats in FOH

TM FOOD AND DRINKS

TM drinks must be stored in designated TM drink area in sealed cups with a lid and a straw

TM food has a printed label, is stored in a 1/2 pan and placed in the walk-in
BELOW any restaurant product

TMs are NOT permitted to sit at the bar top, on or off the clock

SHIFT MEALS

TMs must order from the approved quarterly shift meal menu through the Bartender

TM is able to sit in a closed zone (NOT in the bar area) away from Guests

Managers must verify meals are rang in and discount the meals per shift

TEAM MEMBER EXPECTATIONS:
Personal Items
TMs should NOT leave the restaurant for their personal belongings throughout the shift

Needs to be out of Guest view and NOT in a food service area

GM owns identifying a place for TMs belongings in each restaurant

TMs MUST clock in for all hours worked

BAR

BAR SETUP

Bar top:
A bar table tent (with happy hour offerings) and tabletop device placed on the bar top at every third seat

No bar spill mats present on bar top

The rimmer must ALWAYS be filled with citrus sugar, kosher salt and lime juice

Behind the bar:
Bar three compartment sink must be set up first thing when opening Bar and water must be changed when visibly soiled or every 2 hours

All bar tools are in place prior to shift (shake tins, jiggers, strainer, etc.)

No more than two of each condiment behind the bar, stored away from Guest view (ketchup, salt and pepper, Tabasco, etc.)

No To-Go supplies stored

Coolers are neatly organized and clean, including sides, doors, racks and inside walls/bases
EACH cooler MUST have a working thermometer present

Ensure all prepped product is properly labeled and stored appropriately

Glassware set up for efficiency (rocks by the well, cooler glasses in the chiller by the taps, etc.)

Glassware placed on top of Brand Standard approved mats behind the bar to prevent sliding

ALL beer pint glasses are ran through dish in respective drink racks

Empty cash drawer must be left open at the end of the night

BRAND STANDARDS

‌Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025               Pg 13 of 24

BAR Continued

BAR GREET

Bar top: Greet Guests within 60 seconds with a bev. nap (one per Guest)

Cocktail/Lounge: Greet within 60 seconds with a menu, silverware and napkins (one per Guest)

Table greet always includes a recommendation for a marg and app. It will sound something like:
"Hi! Welcome to Chili's! My name is Sarah. Can I get you all started with our Patron Frozen Marg and a Triple Dipper?"

"Hi! Welcome to Chili's! My name is George. Can I get you all started with the

world's most popular Margarita, The Presidente and some Chips and Guac?"

ALCOHOL SPECS

Straws:
All bar drinks are appropriately garnished and include sip straws/a clear wrapped straw, following the drinks line build

Double Shots (X):
A single shot is 1.25 oz. To make a double (X), add the .75 oz. to equal 2 oz.

No more than 2 oz. of liquor is allowed in one glass unless it is a specialty drink

Sidekicks:
A sidekick adds .75 MORE ounces of liquor to a drink's line build and is served directly in the drink after measuring with jigger

ONLY tequila and cordials can be poured as sidekicks - all other liquors are rang in as additional shots

Liquor Upgrade:
A liquor upgrade allows Guests to swap out the primary liquor with a higher-end liquor for an additional charge

Tini:
2.5 oz martini pour (vodka or gin ONLY)

Open Alcohol:
Only used if your restaurant carries any beer, wine or liquor not included on the APL

LIQUOR BOTTLE SETUP

Group like liquors, ONLY call liquors and above are to be showcased

All pour spouts face to the left when looking at the label

All display lights working and on during operating hours

Display cages/top shelf display features high-end tequilas ONLY - no well liquors, no extra glassware etc.

Display cage MUST be locked at all times and ONLY accessible to Manager(s)

BATCHED MARG OF THE MONTH (MOTM)

Prep batch according to line build. Store prepped MOTM in store 'n pours with orange lids and orange spouts to identify prep product containing alcohol.

Ensure each container has a Kitchen Sync label attached

EMPTY BEER KEGS

Empty beer kegs must be kept in the security cage to help prevent theft

LAST CALL

Last call is called 15 minutes prior to close by Bartender

No drinks can be ordered or made past closing time - follow local guidelines for alcohol removal

BRAND STANDARDS

‌Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025               Pg 14 of 24

BAR Continued

SERVING RESPONSIBLY

When serving alcoholic drinks, ALWAYS use your Responsible Alcohol Service
training and serve responsibly

NEVER serve alcohol to a Guest who is showing any signs of intoxication

No more than 2 oz. of liquor may be in one glass except specialty drinks (reference state specifc laws where applicable)

BAR ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
No foul smells - clean bars, floors and drains thoroughly
If foul smell persists after thorough cleaning, enter in Corrigo

All beer glasses are brought to the dish area, NOT the bar

Stemmed glassware and wine glasses MUST be washed by hand in the bar 3 compartment sink

If you have fruit flies, your bar is dirty! This means more attention to cleaning and entered in SSP

Check coolers, soda lines, drain screens and drain catch for build up

TVs

TVS AND PROGRAMMING

What to show on the TVs
Local/Regional live sporting events

National live sporting events

What NOT to show on the TVs
Anything violent or graphic, or inappropriate

MMA, UFC, Boxing or other violent action sports

News programming

Religious programming

Special Circumstance Content
Weather channel, when appropriate

News programming over relevant or big events (keep in mind, news broadcasts can be polarizing so this is ONLY to be considered during times of crisis and significant national interest)

National election results are acceptable, but do NOT show political debates or primary results

Special requests from Guests, as long as they fit Chili’s guidelines

Sound is ONLY allowed to be on one TV when a big game is being featured, otherwise, music is to be playing.

TV remotes are to be paired to up to three televisions – reference the Remote Programjob aid
BWeb > OYR > Rollouts > Initiatives > Raise the Bar 2022 > Remote Program Guide

TVs must have clear picture quality and are clean, residue and dust-free

TV ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
To help keep TVs clean and dust-free, an option is to have window cleaners clean TVs once a quarter

Enter non-working TVs in Corrigo

BRAND STANDARDS

‌Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025               Pg 15 of 24

TO-GO

TO-GO AREA

The ONLY items allowed on the To-Go counter top are:
Brand Standard approved tip jar

Three Dine-In menus

One clean, powered on tabletop device in To-Go mode

"Go to Bar" sign when no To-Go TM scheduled

If staging racks are not in use, remove from Guest's view

No personal items allowed in To-Go area - reference Team Member section

Empty cash drawer must be left open at the end of the night

TO-GO SYSTEMS

ALWAYS work the bag chit to ensure no missing items

Greet Guests immediately with "Hi! Welcome to Chili's! How may I help you?"
ALWAYS use the Guest's name

Answer the phone within three rings with "Thank you for calling Chili's , this is , how may I help you?"

NEVER accept credit card payment over the phone

Always bump from To-Go KDS after bagging order to notify Guest order is ready

TO-GO ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
Mention the importance of no missing items

Managers validate HOH complete boxes and bagged orders throughout the shift

Clutter-free, no TM belongings

Four or less To-Go parking spaces with appropriate signage

BRAND STANDARDS

‌Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025               Pg 16 of 24

RESTROOM

ATMOSPHERE

Clean fresh smell

One working air freshener per restroom

Lighting is bright, no burned out bulbs - ONLY order bulbs through Chili's Lighting List
BWeb > Forms and Policies > Forms > Supply Chain Forms > Chili's Lighting List

Clean and functional fixtures, appliances, floors and partitions

Urinals clean, free of buildup and urinal screen in use (replace at mid and EOP)

Toilet bases and seats are tightly secured

Stocked: hand soap, paper towels and toilet paper
Cleaning supplies and equipment are NOT visible to Guest

Two paper towel dispensers present per bathroom

Minimum of one full and one partial roll of toilet paper per stall at all times

Two trash cans per bathroom
One floating trashcan stationed by door, one at sink

All trashcans (including personal trashcans within stalls) are lined

All faucets must be manually operated - no automatic faucets

Baby changing table clean with straps present and functional clip

Sound level set between 75-80 (SPLNFFT Noise Meter App)

Mirrors with graffiti or peeling borders must be replaced

RESTROOM CHECKS

All TMs are responsible for checking the restroom any time they use one and/or if they are assigned to do so by a Manager/QA and should report any issues to the MOD
Restrooms MUST be cleaned/serviced by ONLY a TM clocked in at full minimum wage or greater

Return air vents clean and dust-free

Restroom checks include:
Mirrors: clean with no water spots

Floors and counter tops: clear of paper, trash and water/liquid

Toilet/Urinal: flushed and clear of paper and trash

Urinal screens present and in use

Soap, paper towels and toilet paper properly stocked

Trash is NOT overflowing

All plumbing working properly, no clogs or leaks

TMs must ALWAYS wash hands before returning to work

RESTROOM ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
Foul smells = dirty restrooms - reinforce the importance of restroom checks
If foul smell persists after thorough cleaning, enter in Corrigo

No graffiti, mirror spots, peels, chipped paint etc.

Check for loose toilet bases as well as green lime build-up at bases of toilets/urinals
No corrosion present on faucets/plumbing

Transition to press pedal paper towel dispenser when replacements are needed

Restroom checks prompt every 30 mins. on QA KDS - QA and MGR responsible for delegating restroom check to TM clocked in at full minimum wage or greater

Floors dry and free from trash or debris

BRAND STANDARDS

‌Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025               Pg 17 of 24

PASSOUT / QA

TIP POLICY

Tip sharing with QAs is purely voluntary and although Servers may voluntarily share tips directly with QAs, the QA position does NOT participate in any tip pool at Chili’s restaurants

BUMPING ORDERS

Orders must be bumped one ticket at a time as they become ready

SPLIT ITEMS

Split items at Guest request and make it right for them

PASSOUT SETUP

QA line is organized, clean and well-stocked prior to, during and after every shift

Floors to ceiling - clean and no clutter, including the top of passout

Less is more - ONLY store what is needed (bottled sauces, crackers, etc.)

Ensure plates are stacked so that the Cook Line is visible from QA Line

EACH cooler MUST have a working thermometer present

Lighting is bright, no burned out bulbs and light shield clean - ONLY order bulbs through Chili's Lighting List
BWeb > Forms and Policies > Forms > Supply Chain Forms > Chili's Lighting List

Soda bibs are opened upon delivery and staged appropriately - NEVER on the floor
All other items need to be removed from cardboard boxes

One Sani bucket with fully submerged towel - change every three hours or sooner if heavily soiled

Connection Board is updated daily and has blank recognition cards accessible

Posting/material up to date and set up per Chili's Postings Checklist
Sent monthly in ChiliHead Chat

BWeb > OYR > Chili's Postings Checklist

PASSOUT / QA ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
Less is more. No clutter. ONLY store what is needed
Clean all around - floors to ceilings

Floors always debris-free and dry

Casters clean and able to move - pull out equipment when cleaning

All shelves clean and grease-free (top, bottom, over inductions, etc.)

If dessert hot well is not working properly, dispose at DO/VPO discretion (phasing out)

Heat lamps clean and in working condition

Brooms staged in proper areas (FOH vs. HOH brooms)

Ensure restaurant has mineral oil for trivets and follows trivet maintenance procedures

Connection Board is updated daily and being used as a communication tool for TMs

Dispose of metal mounted To-Go cup holders if not in use

BRAND STANDARDS

‌Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025               Pg 18 of 24

DISH AREA

ECOLAB OWNS

Monthly service maintenance - includes equipment cleanliness, working condition and TM training

Replacing missing curtains, ensuring dish machine runs properly and replace

stickers (as needed)

RESTAURANT OWNS

Monthly deliming

Entering tickets in SSP for any Ecolab service outside of monthly visit (to replace curtains, stickers, etc.)

ORGANIZATION

Floors clean and dry

Pictured: place dirty silverware (forks, spoons, knives):
Stage three 1/2 pans with warm water ONLY (no chemicals) and place on top level of
silverware shelf

Pan spray and towel are easily accessible

DO NOT store anything on top of the machine except pan spray for skillets

Decoy system set up with like plates, bowls, smallwares, etc. stacked together

Mugs and glassware placed in appropriate mug racks

Stemmed glassware and wine glasses MUST be washed by hand in the bar 3 compartment sink

All dish racks MUST be stored off the floor

‌

CHEMICALS

Use chemicals ONLY for intended purpose and NEVER mix chemicals

Use ONLY approved Ecolab chemicals with SDS (reference the Chemical Job Aid
for proper chemical handling)
BWeb > OYR > Chili's Clean > Chemicals Approved Usage

Solid Power is to be used ONLY in the dish machine

DO NOT store any extra chemicals on or near the dish machine

GARBAGE CANS

Trash cans (23-gallon Slim Jims) are cleaned/sanitized and triple-bagged

Glass MUST be discarded in designated GLASS ONLY containers with lid and without trash bag

SKILLETS AND TRIVETS

Small wooden trivets NEVER go through the dish machine (to prevent warping/ wear) Large trivets are dishwasher safe 

All TMs MUST wipe trivets with a sanitized towel and return to zone on QA Line
NOTE: NEVER leave trivets in dish area

Small trivets MUST be conditioned with mineral oil a minimum of once a quarter (reference the Skillet and Trivet Maintenance Job Aid)
BWeb > OYR > Culinary and Beverage > Job Aids > Skillet Cleaning Job Aid

BRAND STANDARDS

Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025               Pg 19 of 24

DISH AREA Continued

DISH / MACHINE MAINTENANCE

All dishes and pans need to be free of debris and product labels before going through the dish machine
NOTE: All TMs are responsible for removing labels as labels will leave residue and clog the dish machine jets

Load rack to capacity and with similar dishes and glasses

Follow silverware washing procedure (reference Flatware Presoak & Wash Procedure)
BWeb > OYR > Culinary and Beverage > Job Aids > Silverware Presoak Wash

Deliming chemical/Lime-A-Way should be purchased and stored in the shed

Dish water must be changed every two hours or sooner (as needed) to ensure water is clean
Ensure dish water is changed when prompted by KDS

Appropriate number of curtains must be installed each morning before starting a wash cycle - reference posted Ecolab stickers

Spray handle and nozzles need to be cleaned daily to remove any obstructions so machine sprays properly

NO metal brushes or steel wool

Dish machine MUST be broken down at end of night and put back together each morning

DISH AREA ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
Use floor fans in HOH as needed

Less is more. Clutter-free and organized - everything has a place

NO chipped, cracked or melted pans/plateware

NO colored tongs or colored cutting boards

Chemicals are NEVER stored outside of designated area

When checking cleanliness:
Above and below machine, chimney, curtains, etc.

All shelves, dish counters, sprayers, drains, piping, etc.

OFFICE

OFFICE DOOR

Remains closed and locked at all times - NEVER prop office door open

Free of debris, painted, can properly close and lock

Reference Chili's Postings Checklist for signage guidelines
Sent monthly in ChiliHead Chat

BWeb > OYR > Chili's Postings Checklist

BRAND STANDARDS

‌Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025               Pg 20 of 24

OFFICE Continued

INSIDE OFFICE

Safe must ALWAYS be locked, in working order and must have a lockable inner compartment with a key that ONLY the armored car carrier has access

No cash visible and/or accessible to anyone except the Manager(s) on duty

Store necessary paperwork in sealed bin according to Restaurant Record Retention Policy
Discard necessary paperwork after 90 days

NOTE: Reference Restaurant Record Retention Policy 

BWeb > Forms and Policies > Policies and Procedures > Document Retention Schedules > Restaurant Records Retention Policy

Any lost and found items are secured in the office for up to 14 days

Floors clean, dry and clutter-free

TMs may use office privately for lactation purposes

OFFICE ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
To avoid harboring pest, less is more - clutter-free and organized

Office door is NEVER propped open

Trust but verify - Inspect tickets in Corrigo

Inspect paperwork stored - discard outdated, old records

MOP SINK / CHEMICALS

MOP SINK & CHEMICAL TOWER

Safety equipment accessible to all TMs

Reference Chemical Safety Posterfor proper chemical handling
BWeb > OYR > Chili's Clean > Chemical Safety Poster

NOTE: NEVER mix chemicals

Reference Chili's Postings Checklist for signage guidelines
Sent monthly in ChiliHead Chat

Bweb > OYR > Chili's Postings Checklist

Area cleaned and organized

Mop bucket MUST be stored in mop sink

NO hoses used inside the building

RAPID Multi Surface Disinfectant Cleaner is used in all Guest areas

Chemical tower clean, chemicals properly labeled and boxes ALWAYS locked
NOTE: Managers are the ONLY ones who have chemical box keys

Use chemicals ONLY for intended purpose and NEVER mix chemicals

Spray bottles limited and have Ecolab label

SDS Binder posted and up to date

Extra chemical labels readily available

Total of six Sani buckets with fully submerged towels: Prep, Zone 1, Zone 2, Zone 3, QA Line and Bar - Change every three hours or sooner if heavily soiled
BWeb > OYR > Quality Assurance and Food Safety > SAFE > SAFE Sheets >

SAFESHEETS Sani Buckets

MOP SINK / CHEMICAL ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
ONLY Managers are allowed to have keys to chemical boxes

Inspect correct chemicals are in the correct box

Inspect amount of spray bottles - ONLY store what's needed

BRAND STANDARDS

‌Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025               Pg 21 of 24

PREP AREA

OVERALL AREA

Clean and organized - less is more

All systems posted and current:
Cooling log, KS Prep sheets, HOH Connection Board, HOH Clean: Daily Sidework & Weekly Sparkle

No pushpins or tacks in HOH

EACH cooler MUST have a working thermometer present

Knives placed on magnetic strips when not in use, blade up
No knife boxes

Lighting is bright, no burned out bulbs and light shield clean - consistent with Passout - ONLY order bulbs through Chili's Lighting List
BWeb > Forms and Policies > Forms > Supply Chain Forms > Chili's Lighting List

Cutting boards - white ONLY, clean and organized

ALWAYS use appropriate safety gear (PPE, cut/heat gloves, etc.)

PREP CARDS

Use 100% of the time

Follow daily prep amounts and prepare item(s) to spec

Must be validated by Manager on Duty

SIGNAGE

Prep Zones must be properly labeled in their corresponding color

Signs are posted on walls and NEVER hang from ceiling
Ready to Eat: White

Unwashed Produce: Green

Raw Seafood: Blue

Raw Meat: Red

Raw Poultry: Yellow

COMBI OVEN

Do NOT store anything on top of Combi

ONLY store appropriate chemicals and smoker box on bottom shelf

Do NOT store more than the maximum number of Combi racks
Double Combi = 14 racks

Single Combi = 7 racks

RETHERM

Suitcases stored inside

Have heat resistant gloves accessible and in good condition

PREP AREA ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
Pans
No chips, broken or melted pans

Stock ONLY what pans are needed

Equipment and Tools
Nothing stored on top of Combi

Appropriate chemicals present

Store cutting boards appropriately when not in use

Proper amount of utensils are available and organized

BRAND STANDARDS

‌Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025               Pg 22 of 24

WALK-IN / FREEZER

DRY STORAGE

Set up according to Walk-In/Dry Storage Schematics

Clean, dry and organized from floor to ceiling tiles

Behind shelves are clean and dry

Shelving, casters, shelf clips and compressors are clean

Lighting is bright, no burned out bulbs and light shield clean - ONLY order bulbs through Chili's Lighting List
BWeb > Forms and Policies > Forms > Supply Chain Forms > Chili's Lighting List

WALK-IN & FREEZER, BEER COOLER / CAGE

Set up according to Walk-In/Dry Storage Schematics

Clean, dry and organized from floor to ceiling tiles

EACH cooler MUST have a working thermometer present

Behind shelves are clean and dry

Bottled beer is pulled in increments of six

Lighting is bright, no burned out bulbs and light shield clean - ONLY order bulbs through Chili's Lighting List

WALK-IN / FREEZER ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
Less is more. Clutter-free and organized

No boxes on floors

Keg dollies, stackers, dividers and shelf clips are clean and mold-free

Replace shelf labels as needed

COOK LINE

LINE SETUP

Hot food must ALWAYS have a lid and label and maintain temp of 165° to 175°

ONE white cutting board per station - clean and in good condition

ALWAYS use appropriate safety gear (PPE, cut/heat gloves, etc.)

Clutter-free, organized with enough To-Go supplies needed per shift

Product NEVER exceeds fill line

KDS

Dust and grease-free; cords neatly wrapped, screens clean and plastic wrapped

Work the first three orders on the screen; bump orders once 100% complete, including all sides, sauces and dressings

Recook and refire items are priority

EQUIPMENT

Follow fryer boil out schedule - 2nd, 4th and 5th Tuesday (5 week period). Discard each vat of oil as you go

Always filter fryers when prompted

Vent hoods are clean and in good condition

Nothing stored on top of the equipment

ALWAYS cover fryers with lid at night

CHEMICALS & SUPPLIES

Use approved chemicals ONLY

Have green scrubber, gloves, towels, brushes, grill screens and bricks on hand

Reference Chemical Job Aidfor proper chemical handling

CLEANING

Follow Sparkle to know when and how often to clean each piece of equipment

Use job aids 100% of the time

BRAND STANDARDS

‌Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025               Pg 23 of 24

COOK LINE Continued

COOK LINE ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
Less is more. Clutter-free and organized

Make sure TMs move equipment to clean behind, backs, and corners of units

Hood Vents - Give guidance on when and how often to clean

BACK DOOR / PEST CONTROL

INTERIOR

Immediately enter any pest sighting in SSP every day seen

Working fly lights (two minimum): One by back door and one near/in To-Go

Air curtain must be functional each time the door is opened (if applicable)

Bait traps against walls

EXTERIOR

Immediately enter any pest sighting in SSP every day seen

Door sweeps present and in good condition

Bait traps against walls

Working fly panels: two total (Device location depends on pest vendor)

BACK DOOR ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
Remove chains; Detex system is engaged/armed during operating hours

BACK DOCK

OVERALL AREA

Reference the Back Dock Standardsjob aid
BWeb > OYR > Quality Assurance and Food Safety > SAFE > SAFE Sheets > SAFE Back Dock Standards

Clean, odor/clutter-free and organized (no extra equipment or shelving)

Dumpster doors and lids ALWAYS closed

Linen containers closed and clean (top, bottom, sides)

All touch points are clean and properly working (handles, gates, buzzers, etc.)

Brooms, mops and dust pans MUST be properly hung

SHED

Door(s) have working closures and ALWAYS closed and locked

Clean, organized and clutter-free - all items must be six inches off the ground

Floor buffer stored in shed without brush head when not in use
Store brush head on shelf, off of the ground

If using for storage of paperwork, it must be sealed and in a plastic (Rubbermaid like) bin - NEVER use cardboard boxes

ATTIC

(If applicable): Clean and organized - NEVER use for storage

MECHANICAL ROOM

Keep water softening salt drum at least 50% full at all times

Door(s) have working closures and ALWAYS closed and locked

Rodent bait station present and against wall

Clean and clutter-free - NEVER use for storage

No water leaks present

Water heater and wall heater (if applicable) in working condition

BACK DOCK ATMOSPHERE EXPECTATIONS:
Clean, odor/clutter-free and organized atmosphere - no old equipment

Linen bags tied before putting in bin

Shed - items are labeled and organized; clutter-free

Mechanical room - clean, no standing water and no items stored
NOTE: Not all restaurants require water softener

Brinker International Payroll Company, 10/2025

‌Chili's Brand Standards. Property of Brinker International. Chili’s name, design, and
related marks are trademarks of Brinker International. © 10/2025 Brinker International. All rights reserved.
Pg 24 of 24

BRAND STANDARDS


